Q: What happens when you initialize a repository?  Why do you need to do it?

- Git creates all the metadata directories it needs to keep track of versions.

Q: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
   What value do you think it offers?

- Working directory:  files keep changing, there are no backups.
- Repository:  files have been checked in.  They cannot be changed.
- Staging area:  region in between.  Not yet in repository but saves a copy while you work
  in the working directory.

Q: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Only add the files you wish to commit into the staging area.  Leave the other (modified)
files in the working directory.

Q: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
   organized? How would branches help?

- When working on a new feature that involves quite a bit of coding, it is a good
  idea to create a branch to save all the changes one makes.  When the new feature
  is fully operational and without issue, it can be merged into the main branch.
  That way, the main branch remains clean.  We are not introducing bugs or breaking
  the main branch.

Q: How do diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

- Helps us to see where a given branch started.
- If other changes have been made to the main branch.


Q: What is the result of merging two branches together?
   Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

   All changes from one branch are merged into another branch.
   All the commits from that branch being merged from will be
   accessible from the the branch being merged to.  The new head
   will have two parents.
   After that, one can remove the branch that has been merged from.
   Only the branch will be deleted, not the commits.  The commits will
   be reachable from the new merged branch.

Q: What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic vs. always doing merges manually?

   It helps that Git is doign some automatic merging.  Time is being saved.
